I youtube this is my review at the 2011
15 inch to point out quad core macbook
pro bears got the higher res screen so I
didn't do an unboxing because I thought
there's so many on YouTube and there's
so many reviews buffle I was giving my
swing on the development map of pro so
we just go ahead is the same unibody
design still got the eight layers
superdrive kensington lock you've got
the same magsafe actually i'm not so
sure ethernet firewire 800 and the
all-new thunderbolt which can have a
throughput speed of 10 gigabits per
second i believe 2 2 2 point 0 USB SD XD
card slot which consists of all up to
128 gig of flash storage and i also have
a microphone inja and a headphone out
and you've also have a and if you can
see that a battery indicator so we just
go ahead and get us started it was heard
the standard trackpad I've also got a in
case 15 inch hard case on it so i'm
molly was description in the link below
just before we get into the main review
I just want to show you the case I have
gone here it's in case hard case 15 inch
so it's really good at X the bottom it's
also got an air vents even at events
down there but a design point it's also
gone it hard so it's called robbery
filler it's quite hard and the logo
shows through which is really good and
on my previous map I I dropped it down
the stairs and so it really knocked it
in scuffed it so yeah that was really
good this case is definitely worth it
because I've hit it on the wall before
yeah let's get into the main review ok
so here we are at a desktop and if
you're in market from Mac I would
definitely advise getting one of these
these are a powerhouse over the machine
is just a beast but yeah it got the 720p
HD FaceTime recording camera you've also
got speakers on the right and the left
you've also got the light up keyboard
and with the cameras also God dimming so
if you pick a finger over the display
will dim and they go a brown but I've
dunno if you can see that of the camera
better did anyway um also I got a high
res screen and I'll leave a link in
description of the of the actual specs
of it um yeah brilliant brilliant
machine it also can support up to with
seven hours of battery life I've got
about seven and a half maximum something
you can get what it says but it is
really really good I've come from a pc
so this just blows out of the water is
since saying that's all I can say to
battery life on this also I have the lag
on itunes on PC is just quite unbearable
to be honest but on a Mac just loads up
so quick
and then we go we have itunes up so
quick and just it easy commands of just
command key gum just like that so
brilliant brilliant machine just
powerhouse also we have the mac app
store which is new to mac OS it's about
it's about 2-3 months old now so it's um
it's a nice addition so if it just go
into mac app store so you can got all
these different apps you've got so many
so if we go into the plate on the back
if you're all these sort of different
games you've got category so like the
app store in iOS where you had
categories top charts featured it just
like that it's exactly like the ipad
store ipad apps daughter also got pages
and keynote they um them I'm so will
lean towards them the microsoft's
version just because i think it's just
the ease of use of them just nice thing
to have better features and more
functionality there's a few applications
i just want to talk about second matki
but Mac either is a brilliant
application for keeping your your
machine quick running cleaned up and
just just keeps it by itself in a really
good condition internally so yeah
brilliant app you've also got parallels
desktop and parallels desktop is
brilliant because on Mac you can't do
publisher which is very annoying but
with parallels desktop I've installed
windows on boot camp and then you're
still publisher or microsoft office
professional plus and nothing just open
up it's just so easy also got another
really good one to Spotify I love that
it's a it's a free music planner pretty
much I also use ical like I was really
good it's really easy to use
and Time Machine I haven't got time
machine setup but what I've heard about
it is is really good and that concludes
my review for the 2011 macbook pro
15-inch baseline model and thank you
very much for watching please subscribe
and if you have any comments please
leave them below and I'll try to answer
as soon as possible thank you